[REIKO]
Ever since I was little,
I've felt like there are
walls around me.
On all sides.
Keeping me penned in.
Holding me back from
doing everything I want.
[REIKO]
Invisible but very high.
[REIKO] I wanted to
climb over those walls.
[REIKO] That's why I
moved out on my own.
[REIKO]
And then...
...from there...
There.
[REIKO]
Hmm.
- [engine revvs]
- Ah.
Been a while.
Good to see you.
Well, come in.
[REIKO]
Go ahead.
[KOGUMA]
Hmm.
[REIKO] Make yourself at home.
I'll get some tea going.
I'll just have water.
[REIKO]
Heh. Sure.
Here.
[KOGUMA]
Ah? Thanks so much.
[REIKO gulping]
Ah!
Okay. What's for dinner?
What do I even have around here?
I just got in today, and I
didn't bring any groceries in.
[KOGUMA]
I brought some.
[REIKO]
Ah?
[KOGUMA] Would it be okay
if I used your kitchen?
[REIKO]
What are you gonna make for us?
Okonomiyaki...
if that's all right with you.
[REIKO]
Mm...!
That is way more
than all right with me!
[KOGUMA]
All done. Let's eat.
[REIKO]
Mm! Thank you for the food!
[KOGUMA]
Thank you for the food.
[REIKO]
Mm!
That's so good!
You're all done with work?
How was the job?
[KOGUMA]
Mm. I think I did well.
You, too?
[REIKO]
Huh?
Your summer break...
Where did you go?
I told you that, remember?
Somewhere close, yet far away.
[REIKO]
Keep going. Keep going.
Little more.
Stop!
[WORKER 5A]
Right, load up!
[WORKERS]
Yes, sir!
[WORKER 5B]
Make way!
[REIKO grunts]
[sighs]
[REIKO]
8, 9, 10, 11,
12, 13, 14...
Seems like we've been
getting more every day.
[REIKO]
Hey, Chief. The count is right.
Great. Thank you.
Sure thing. I'll go ahead
and check the trails.
You've still got plenty of time,
so there's no need to rush.
Safety first.
Yes, sir. Safety first.
All right, let's go!
[REIKO gasps]
[crash]
[REIKO panting]
[REIKO]
Damn it!
[REIKO groans]
[REIKO] The summer of my
second year in high school.
I wanted to ride my Cub
somewhere amazing.
All the way up Mount Fuji.
[REIKO]
Everything's good.
Nothing to report on the trail.
Good. Excellent work.
All clear! Let's move!
[WORKERS]
Yes, sir!
What made you feel
the need to do this?
[REIKO] I first got this idea in
my head after reading a book
by a wandering biker.
[sighs]
[RIDER 5A] Yeah. Apparently,
back in the day,
climbing Mount Fuji on
motorbikes was a common thing.
So do people not do it anymore?
It's harder with the
environmental regs now.
And the rules for the trail
have gotten stricter.
Sorry. But you're out of luck.
[REIKO sighs]
"Rocky and steeply inclined,
this should only be attempted
on a high-performance
off-road bike."
[REIKO]
Guess that's not happening.
Ah.
It's a CT 110 Hunter Cub.
Instead of having to
customize existing Cub parts,
I could just swap in the ones
they use on this thing, right?
Awesome.
[REIKO] But even if I have a
bike that can tackle the trail,
I still can't take it climbing
unless I get permission.
[CHIEF 5A]
If you accept the position,
we'll need you to
stay in an apartment at
the foot of the mountain.
[REIKO]
That's fine.
Any climbing experience?
[REIKO]
No, sir.
Is that a requirement?
Not really.
Now, as to why
you want the job...
[REIKO] Yes, sir.
It's exactly what I wrote down.
All I want is to climb up
Mount Fuji on my bike.
We'll start loading this
sucker up at 4 AM tomorrow.
Once it's good to go,
I'll be putting you to work
on trail check duty.
What is that, exactly?
[CHIEF 5A] You're gonna be
ridin' out ahead to make sure
the weather and road conditions
are okay for the Caterpillar.
- You and your bike.
- [REIKO] Ah?
You'll be free to head back to
base after you reach Station 6.
Of course, you're also free
to go further up the trail
if you feel the need.
[gasps]
Right. Thank you very much!
[CHIEF 5A] What made you feel
the need to do this?
[REIKO]
There's something I wanna know.
Do I have the strength
to overcome this obstacle?
[REIKO grunting]
[groans]
[REIKO]
Damn it!
[REIKO] Trail's clear.
Nothing to report.
Good work.
[REIKO gasps]
[groans]
[grunting]
[growls]
[REIKO panting]
[CHIEF 5A]
Altitude sickness.
[REIKO gasps]
Thank you very much, sir.
Sip that slowly.
You're gonna puke
if you try to chug it.
[REIKO]
Right.
[REIKO grunts]
[REIKO grunting]
[groaning]
[REIKO]
Damn it...
Damn it.
Damn it!
Damn it, damn it, damn it!
[REIKO]
Damn it all...
[CHIEF 5A] You've been trying to
stand up against the mountain.
Try leaning against it.
What?
I should.... lean on it?
[gasps]
[REIKO] Even in summer,
the peak of Mount Fuji
is dusted with snow.
I always thought it was
a beautiful mountain.
I wanted to see it up close.
And if I could see it
from the top,
I'm sure it would
be even prettier.
[WORKERS murmuring]
[sighs]
[REIKO]
After a few days of failures,
I'd forgotten how to smile.
[REIKO] I was climbing
Mount Fuji on my Cub.
I was doing exactly
what I'd wanted to.
So why did it feel like some
unseen enemy was constantly
sabotaging me,
trying to make me suffer?
Trail check time.
See you in a while.
Drive safely.
[REIKO] Nothing wrong
with the suspension.
Frame buckling slightly,
but it's not an issue.
Electrical and fuel systems
are on point.
[REIKO]
The only thing left... is me!
[gasps]
[REIKO]
Get down, damn it!
[REIKO panting]
You've been trying to stand up
against the mountain.
Now try leaning against it.
[REIKO] He said to lean
against the mountain,
but he wasn't
telling me to rest.
I have to stay on top of it
and wrestle to keep it under me!
The mountain fights back!
[REIKO]
I can do it! Don't stop!
What's wrong with me?
I should stop!
Keep going!
You can make it higher!
Damn it!
I can't give up now!
I can come back
next year, right?
Quit thinking. Just climb!
Climb!
[KOGUMA]
A Super Cub.
Used.
[BOY 2B]
Man, that's all?
Isn't a Cub is more of
a scooter than a motorcycle?
Did you say you ride
a Super Cub?
I love sitting
on my Cub like this.
Even standing perfectly still,
it feels like I can go
wherever I want,
no matter how far away it is.
Well, I haven't gotten
to go very far at all, yet.
But you could if you wanted to.
'Cause you've got a Cub!
Somewhere close, yet far away.
Be safe, okay?
[REIKO]
I know.
I don't have enough oxygen.
Or hydration.
But...
Back then, I told her...
that she could go anywhere!
And if I meant that,
then I can't let this stop me!
[REIKO]
Tch!
[groans]
Damn it...!
[grunts]
[groaning]
[REIKO groans]
[REIKO panting]
[REIKO]
Yes, sir. Trail is all clear.
Do you think there's any
chance you could give me a ride
back to base on the Caterpillar?
[CHIEF 5A]
Here.
Thanks a lot for the help, sir.
[CHIEF 5A] You didn't make it
all the way to the summit?
[REIKO]
Still. I think I did okay.
[KOGUMA]
You had quite the summer.
It's totally insane, right?
I thought the same thing!
Even as I was doing it,
I didn't really know why.
Riding a motorbike
up Mount Fuji.
Just silly.
[REIKO]
Mm.
[REIKO laughs]
For real?!
I can't believe you've been
riding the Cursed Cub all along!
[KOGUMA]
You know about it?
I've heard
a buncha stories, yeah.
There were
three fatalities, right?
[REIKO laughs]
Hardly.
It's just the soba shop
guy who died.
And that was excessive drinking,
not a bike wreck.
The bookstore owner who
got it after that ended up
drowning in debt. Skipped town
and left the bike here.
Then this priest had it,
but he had no reason to keep it
once he lost his license.
Feel any better?
[KOGUMA giggles]
Yeah. Except, I never knew its
old owners were so sketchy.
[BOTH laugh]
[sighs]
[KOGUMA]
I should probably get going.
Stay the night!
[KOGUMA]
Huh?
There aren't any
streetlights out here.
The roads'll be pitch black.
- Catch!
- Ah!
[giggles]
[REIKO] Honestly, it probably
was a bad idea.
Yeah. It was.
Especially falling off.
I would have taken my Cub
the entire way up to the summit.
[REIKO giggles]
Your Cub definitely
isn't up to that ride.
It's true. Cubs just
can't handle Mount Fuji.
There's no way.
It is silly, but I don't
believe it's impossible.
[REIKO]
Mm.
It's been done, actually.
August 1963.
There was a guy from Yamanashi
Prefecture whose hobbies
were motorbikes and
mountain-climbing.
He took his Super Cub all the
way up the Fujinomiya Trail
to the top.
Later that year, the curator of
the Ueno Zoo got together
a team of riders, and they made
it up Mount Fuji on Hunter Cubs
and Monkeys.
[REIKO]
And next... will be me.
Here.
Thanks so much.
We still have
one whole week left.
What'll you do?
[REIKO]
Fix my bike.
Did you have something in mind?
[KOGUMA]
Getting my license.
Oh, really?
You want a full license?
[KOGUMA] There are
a few things I can't do with
the class type I've got.
Sure, makes sense.
That's why you took the job.
[KOGUMA]
Yeah.
I'm getting it―
My full motorcycle license.
Sounds good!
You'll wanna hurry up and
make a reservation, though.
What?
What reservation?
[REIKO]
At driving school, obviously.
And of course,
we gotta mod your engine.
What's the point of getting
your license and then sticking
with your 50 CC?
I don't have a lot
of money to spend.
You can bore out
your block fairly cheap.
What does "bore out" mean?
It's simple. See, these
engine blocks are cast iron,
and the finish is pretty rough.
So what you do is, you bore out
the combustion chamber
and cylinder head.
That leaves you with
a wider cylinder
with perfectly smooth walls.
Then you put in a bigger piston
to match, which means―
[KOGUMA]
Reiko?
[REIKO]
Hmm?
I'm sorry,
but I'm completely lost.
[REIKO]
Yeah, fair.
I should give you an overview of
the basics first, shouldn't I?
Okay, so the way they make
these engines is more about―
[KOGUMA] Episode 6:
"My Cub."